>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
the first thing that you need to do if you
are going to work with NSWorkspaces
is that you need to install the CLI.
Now, the Angular CLI is, I believe,
a monumental leap forward for
Angular developers.
I believe that there's a React CLI,
there's a Vue CLI.
And what this allows you to do is
to generate opinionated code and
projects that adhere to the style guide.
And so, fortunately, well,
when Angular JS started
there was no real opinion on
how to build an application.
It was like put your controllers
in a controllers folder,
put your services in a services folder.
And we realized very quickly
that simply does not scale.
And so out of that,
emerged some best practices which
then was quantified in a style guide.
Which then ended up in
the Angular CLI as we know it.
And I believe one of the biggest
advantages of using the CLI
is that it is predictable and
consistent across developers.
With the CLI that there's the ability
to extend that with schematics.
So I believe this really
officially came in Angular 6.
But now we can think of
the CLI as a platform for
building domain specific or specific
use generators that we can use to,
for instance, generate NgRx,
Ionic, whatever you may need.
Or even within your organization, you can
generate these specific schematics for
whatever it is you need to
streamline development.
And so,
in order to install the Angular CLI,
it's just npm i -g @angular/cli.
And I'm not going to do this,
because I already have it installed.
But then the next step is that
you would install the extensions,
which if we hop into the readme,
which is about right here.
So NWRL schematics.
Yeah, so
anyways I had this working just perfectly.
I'm almost afraid to breathe on it,
all right.
So with that said,
let me generate an application and
let's just see what happens.
By the way a year, a year and a half ago,
this wouldn't have taken us probably
90 minutes to do, maybe more.
If it worked, it would take 90 minutes.
So, create-nx-workspace and
we will call this, angular-core-workshop.
So, let us run.
And so what this is going
to do is this is going to
create an Angular CLI
project that is designed
to hold additional Angular CLI or
Angular projects.
But, not only that is that
it splits the file structure
into applications, and reusable libraries.
And so after this generates,
and we kind of start to see this working,
I'll elaborate on why that's important.
But if we go into this folder,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we just go code,
and I'm gonna insert a new id here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Zoom this out,
what we have here is an apps folder and
a libs folder.
And we have some additional
files down here.
But for the most part, this is basically,
it has most of the pieces for
an Angular CLI project and
your Angular CLI commands will work.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And if we go down to
package.json, you can see that ng for
the Angular CLI start, build, test,
so these are pretty stock but
then down here we have
some additional commands,
such as, format right, format check, etc.
So, with that said,
I'm going to close this down
and this is exactly where I left off or
when you check everything in,
this is exactly what you get,
minus the resources folder.